Document missing activator-capacity (#3819)
knative/docs: docs/serving/load-balancing/README.md

Activator pods are scaled horizontally, so there may be multiple Activators in a deployment. In general, the system will perform best if the number of revision pods is larger than the number of Activator pods, and those numbers divide equally.
<!--TODO(#2472): Add better documentation about what the activator is; explain the components of load balancing; maybe add a diagram-->

> Knative assigns a subset of Activators for each revision, depending on the revision size and the configured capacity per Activator. More revision pods will mean a greater number of Activators for that revision.

Reviewer: being a pedant, is this also dependent on tbc?

Author: Oh I guess I should strip both out again as those concepts have not yet been introduced.

For more information, see the documentation on [concurrency](../../serving/autoscaling/concurrency).

## Configuring target burst capacity behavior

Target burst capacity is mainly responsible for determining whether the Activator is in the request path outside of scale-from-zero scenarios.

> Target burst capacity and its effect of the system can be configured using a combination of the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: I don't believe that it's necessary to change this line. I don't think "and its effect of the system" adds anything here, it just makes me wonder "what effects is this referring to?" and we don't really explain how it works here. I'd put it back how it was unless there's some reason it has to change?

> Target burst capacity and it's effect of the system can be configured using a combination of the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Target burst capacity and its effect of the system can be configured using a combination of the following parameters:
```

- Setting the targeted concurrency limits for the revision. See [concurrency](../../serving/autoscaling/concurrency).
- Setting the target utilization parameters. See [target utilization](../../serving/autoscaling/concurrency#target-utilization).
- Setting the target burst capacity. You can configure target burst capacity using the `autoscaling.knative.dev/targetBurstCapacity` annotation key in the `config-autoscaler` ConfigMap. See [Setting the target burst capacity](./target-burst-capacity#setting-the-target-burst-capacity).

> - Setting the Activator capacity via the `config-autoscaler` ConfigMap. See [Setting the Activator capacity](./activator-capacity#setting-the-activator-capacity)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Setting the Activator capacity by using the `config-autoscaler` ConfigMap. See [Setting the Activator capacity](./activator-capacity#setting-the-activator-capacity)
```
@markusthoemmes not for future, please use "by using" etc instead of "via" 😉
